welcome back to recap in minutes in today's
video we will be going through a 2021 first
person action sci-fi movie titled hardcore
henry spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film starts with a memory from henry's
childhood three bullies stand before him and
one of them is holding a toy of henry's the bully
hurls the toy against the wall and smashes it
henry's father arrives at the scene causes the
bullies to escape and looks at him and says you
little pussy the adult henry wakes up in a
facility a woman named estelle brings him up
from a water tank henry sees he's missing his
left forearm and his left leg below the knee
estelle replaces them with robotic limbs henry is
unable to speak because his voice box hasn't been
installed yet and he has no memory of how he got
to where he is estelle claims that she is henry's
wife she returns his wedding ring and brings
him into a room with two other scientists robbie
and timothy they prepare to install henry's voice
until a team of mercenaries led by akan's storm in
they blow the door open crushing robbie akan
tells henry his wife might have built him
but he gave her raw material he then asked
timothy to explain henry's arrival at the facility
timothy says that henry's limbs were shot off
and his skull was fractured badly until now
akan then uses telekinetic powers to
levitate timothy and stab him to death
estelle plays a loud sound of hold the mercs
off and give her and henry a chance to run
as they escape estelle tells akan plans to create
an army of soldiers similar to henry from the dead
she leads him to an escape pod for the two of
them they are ejected from the facility which
happens to be up in the sky the pod lands on
a bridge they crash fortunately survive it
after henry pulls estelle out of the pod
another team of mercenary led by yuri arrive
estelle tells henry to engage them henry
punches yuri and gets a few good hits
but the mercenaries take him down and yuri
tases henry which pushes him off the bridge
he lands on a car after which they search
for him he then runs into a freight container
there he stabbed one of the mercenaries with
a mirror wiper finds a car and turns it on
letting it roll out to hit the mercenaries he
fights the mercenaries until a van runs through
and plows through the villains the driver is a
man named jimmy he kills two other mercenaries
and tells henry to follow him knowing who he is as
they drive jimmy tells henry to open the glove box
where he finds a charger for his body they
are stopped by two cops who turn out to be
dirty crooks working for akan they shoot jimmy in
the head forcing henry to run through the subway
for safety the cops find him there but henry
fights them and shoots one of them to death
henry runs back out into the streets and onto a
bus there he finds jimmy actually a clone dressed
like a homeless man he rips a tracking device out
of henry's arm and then tells him to find a man
named slick dimitry and take his charge pad from
under his heart and then to meet up with jimmy
after the task is complete jimmy then looks
out the window and sees a man in a metal suit
he sticks his head out to make fun of him until
the man wields a flamethrower homeless jimmy gets
burnt alive and henry must run again henry
finds the building where dimitri is located
he climbs the building and enters through a window
he kills the goons he comes across before making
it into dimitri's room dimitry is motionless
on his monitor estelle appears to tell henry
that akan has begun with his plan and is preparing
his army dimitry then springs up and attacks henry
Henry and dimitry have a gunfight and he chases
dimitri through the building and then through the
city dimitri stumbles giving henry a chance to
beat him dimitry then says he has something to
say regarding jimmy but his head is blown off
by a bullet before he can say anything else
during the shootout henry drags dimitry's body
and removes the charge pad which after he evades
the mercenaries henry arrives at the location
jimmy told him to find him which is a brothel
henry meets Cokehead cloned jimmy laying with
five women he is running out of power and falls
jimmy tries to put the charge pad into henry's
chest but he's in a bad condition to do so
he leaves henry with the women who comment on
henry being cute and then start playing with him
he starts seeing memories of himself and estelle
getting intimate a more shaped up clone jimmy
shows up and installs the booster pad henry is
charged up and confused seeing multiple jimmy but
before jimmy tries to explain jimmy receives
a call more villainous mercenaries show up
shaped up jimmy leave while Cokehead jimmy wakes
henry shoots through the mercenaries before
reaching a room where akan is sitting he kills
a man by flinging a silver plate into his head
akan uses his telekinetic power to flings henry
around the room and into the air vent which
land him to the parking lot also with cokehead
jimmy's dead body he finds another clone jimmy
which they both torture a mercenary to reveal
akans whereabouts two dominatrix assassins katya
and Olga run into jimmy and henry who also have a
bone to pick with akan jimmy then orders henry to
hop on a motorcycle and chase after one of akans
fans they catch up with the vans and shoots more
mercenaries on the van with a gatling gun henry
gets on top of a van to fight the mercenaries
jimmy gets shot by one of the mercenaries while
henry uses a grenade to destroy the van with the
help of the dominatrix assassins he gets to the
main van and stabs two more goons before he finds
estelle they have a moment until akan appears
on the monitor and taunt them before he blows a
hole into the van to make his entrance yuri uses
as estelle as hostage while akan uses a baseball
bat to knock henry out henry awakens in the woods
surrounded by more mercenaries who are trying to
bury him they get quickly killed off by another
hippie clone jimmy henry follows him and another
woman until they get killed by an explosion
henry faces more mercenaries including a few
riding a tank through the woods he slices his way
through them before getting attacked by a chopper
he kills some of the mercenaries in the chopper
before he is cut off from the fast row jimmy gives
henry a location to meet him he arrives at the
location where he meets sniper clone jimmy henry
follows him to an abandoned apartment building
where jimmy's laboratory is located as a disguise
first he comes across some dirty cops attempting
to rape a woman henry kills two of the cops before
squeezing the last ones crotch like a grape and
then shoving a shotgun barrel down his throat
henry enters jimmy's apartment and his lab and
sees a video of jimmy working with akan to create
his cyborg army from the remains of deceased men
when the experiment went wrong akan crippled jimmy
by shattering his spine the original crippled
jimmy rolls in and shows off his several clones to
henry through a rehearsed dance routine punk jimmy
then accuses henry of being a traitor because he
is involuntarily broadcasting his whereabouts to
akan original jimmy decides to trust henry and
make sure that akan doesn't get anywhere near the
lab three of the clones punk sniper and colonel
lead henry outside to face the onslaught of
mercenaries heading toward the building henry and
sniper jimmy snipe some of the mercenaries down
below while punk gets some kills from the ground
before getting blown up sniper jimmy leaves henry
to join the colonel as he drops himself down with
a grenade henry meet with colonel they shoot and
blow up some mercenaries killing them one after
the other round the building as they try to leave
with the real jimmy and one of the clone yuri and
his mercenaries arrive but colonel kills them by
blowing up the ceiling and bringing it down on
them they drive to akan's facility where they get
attacked by some of akan cyborgs jimmy has been
hit with a shard in his jugular knowing he's dying
he tells henry that he had seen him originally
before he had woken up and noticed a memory block
in his head and had it left in there but he knows
that some of his memories are returning the
colonel dies but before the real jimmy dies
he says it's good to have had henry as a friend
and ask him to make sure he looks into akans eyes
as he kills him henry makes it to a room it is
revealed that akan has his cyborgs ready to go
he also reveals to henry that all of them woke up
the same way henry did with estelle claiming to be
their wife and acting as though she loved them
including henry akan unleashes the cyborgs upon
henry he proceeds to kill them in every which way
imaginable shooting stabbing grenades heads blown
off sliced off eyes gouged out etc henry makes it
to the roof to face akan but he is taken down by
akans powers and even harder when estelle shows up
clearly on akan's side akan taunts henry as he's
down and knocks him to the side where he faces
some glass and we get a vague look at henry's face
which is similar to that of his father's
we see the childhood flashback again
henry's father says his own father used to call
him a pussy and he feels he proved him right by
killing the wrong people but he gows to call
henry by his own name and tells him to fight
back in the present henry grabs to adrenaline
needles and continues killing the rest of the
cyborgs he ties barbed wire around his hand and
manages to get close enough to akan to hurt him he
splits akan's hand apart painfully akan uses his
powers to lift henry up but henry gets close again
and pulls out his own eye stalk to wrap it around
akan's head and sever the top half off estelle is
in the chopper about to leave where henry boards
the chopper and shows off akans head to estelle
she furiously shoots at henry
until he holds his hand up
causing the bullet to ricochet and strike her
estelle stumbles out of the chopper and hangs on
she pleads with henry to listen to his heart
apparently his heart told him to close the
door on her fingers and let her plummet to the
ground below thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get notice when a new video is uploaded